annot: peel the potatoes
ACTID: 0
PRED: peel
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (-1)
annot: cut them to halves
ACTID: 1
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] them (0)
[PP, other, to] halves (-1)
annot: Boil a kettle of water
ACTID: 2
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, location] a kettle of water (-1)
annot: use them to boil the potatoes
ACTID: 3
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (1)
[PP, location, using] them (2)
annot: Grate the potatoes
ACTID: 4
PRED: grate
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (3)
annot: rinse
ACTID: 5
PRED: rinse
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: drain them on a towel
ACTID: 6
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] them (5)
[PP, location, on] a towel (-1)
annot: Crack an egg in 1/2 cup milk
ACTID: 7
PRED: crack
[DOBJ, food] an egg (-1)
[PP, food, in] 1/2 cup milk (-1)
annot: Add some salt and pepper to the milk
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, to] the milk (7)
annot: whisk around
ACTID: 9
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] (8)
annot: mix the potato, baking powder and flour
ACTID: 10
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the potato (6), baking powder (-1), flour (-1)
annot: Cook some bacon on a pan
ACTID: 11
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some bacon (-1)
[PP, location, on] a pan (-1)
annot: Mash the boiled potatoes with some milk added
ACTID: 12
PRED: mash
[DOBJ, food] the boiled potatoes (3)
[PP, food, with] some milk (-1)
annot: Add the cooked potatoes to the grated potato
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the cooked potatoes (12)
[PP, food, to] the grated potato (10)
annot: add the milk mixture
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the milk mixture (9)
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: mix everything well in the bowl
ACTID: 15
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] everything (14)
[PP, location, in] the bowl (-1)
annot: heat some butter in the pan
ACTID: 16
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some butter (-1)
[PP, location, in] the pan (-1)
annot: pour in some mixture in to cook
ACTID: 17
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some mixture (15)
[PP, food, in]  (16)
[PP, other, in] to cook (-1)
annot: Cover
ACTID: 18
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] (17)
annot: cook under medium heat
ACTID: 19
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (18)
[PP, other, under] medium heat (-1)
annot: Flip the stuff over when the bottom is done
ACTID: 20
PRED: flip
[DOBJ, food] the stuff  (19)
annot: Serve them with the bacon and scrambled eggs
ACTID: 21
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] them (20)
[PP, food, with] the bacon (11), scrambled eggs (-1)